Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Hit me with your pet shark!
She did her best to help him.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
The lake is a long way from here.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
In that instant, everything changed.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.